Add InvalidMetricTypeError exception (#2707)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/log.md

## Exceptions

> - `dvclive.error.InvalidMetricTypeError` - If the provided `val` has not supported type.

Reviewer: Copy edit
```suggestion
- `dvclive.error.InvalidMetricTypeError` - thrown if the provided `val` does not have a supported type
```
